Mr. Cai. what,
Is this the case for you?
It is like the boss of your investment.
Like you from the top of your head, you are the clear sky of Fu family.
Pay the family to clear the sky. Pay the family to clear the sky. So what? Let’s compare it like this.
How could the experience among us be,
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right,
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right,
Right, right, right, right, right,
At the Zhao Shang Conference of the National Group
That’s the point of the property rate
But you are a little bit different
I just question quality and value.